 In Gallery Security we are specialists in Integral Security Solutions, offering to the market: our Consulting and Advisory Services, with the support of Expert Personnel, as well as a wide variety of electronic security equipment of the latest generation, which give efficient response to the demands of protection to property and people, inside and outside the country.


For more than 20 years, Gallery Security has been serving Corporate, Industrial, Business, Residential and Personal Clients, maintaining exclusive alliances with the support of recognized international brands experts in the security area, manufacturers of hardware and high-tech software, which support and complement our broad portfolio of products.


We are direct representatives of two important brands:

Rosslare Security Products and Proxiguard.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)


Mission

 To provide our customers with electronic security products and services that meet their needs, complying with the highest level of quality, with the guarantee and responsibility that characterize us as a company. 


Vision

To be the leading company in electronic security offering innovative solutions that exceed the satisfaction levels of our customers, achieving the trust and loyalty of our customers over time. 




Félix Mezcua
Founder y CEO

I love chess and tennis. And I enjoy classic movies, traveling to towns with history and playing with my children.


Jose Alberto Hernandis
Founder y CTO

I like hiking in the mountains, watching series and reading novels. Very geeky, always tinkering with languages, gadgets and new technologies.


Aitor Gil
CMO

Passionate about new technologies and digital marketing. Traveling spirit. I love photography, cycling, surfing and good beers with friends.

Maribel Oliva
Sales y Customer Success

In love with the sea, the beach and outdoor walks. Passionate about the fallas and the smell of gunpowder. I love to travel and enjoy my family and friends.


David Monerri
Developer Senior

I like going to the movies, watching series, board and computer games. And I'm always tinkering with some technological project around the house.

Raúl García
QA y Customer Success

I like to play chess, foosball and mus. A walk and listening to good music is also very pleasant for me.

